If he only wants your breasts, legs, and thighs, send him to KFC.
Get ready to be uninspired... wait no, I read that wrong.
Nothing is truly random.
'Be strong' I whispered to my phone's wifi signal.
One day... I'm going to make the onions cry.
Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes. That way you're a mile away from them and have their shoes.
Before you marry someone, make them use a computer with slow internet to see who they really are.
I walk around pretending everything is fine, but deep down, inside my shoe, my sock is sliding off.
If I'm not back in five minutes... just wait longer.
Here’s all you have to know about men and women: Women are crazy, men are stupid. And the main reason women are crazy is that men are stupid.
Here’s something to think about: How come you never see a headline like ‘Psychic Wins Lottery’?
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.
Can I just get one mahi? I'm not that hungry.
Accept who you are... Unless you're a serial killer.
I don’t have to take this abuse from you; I’ve got hundreds of people dying to abuse me.
If we’re going to pay this much for crab, it better sing and dance and introduce us to the Little Mermaid.
I prefer not to think before speaking. I like being as surprised as everyone else by what comes out of my mouth.
Woke up today. It was terrible.
My husband and I fell in love at first sight. Maybe I should have taken a second look.
Insanity runs in my family. It practically gallops.
Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination.
I’m one stomach flu away from my goal weight.
Why yes, I can carry on a conversation made up entirely of movie quotes.
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
Trying is the first step toward failure.
Sex is not the answer.  Sex is the question.  Yes is the answer.
It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
You'd be paranoid too if everybody hated you.
All generalizations are false.
Cole's Law:  Thinly sliced cabbage.
There is so much sand in Northern Africa that if it were spread out it would completely cover the Sahara Desert.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
It has been said that we only use 15% of our brain.  I wonder what we do with the other 75%?
Those who can't write, write code documentation.
People will remember you better if you always wear the same outfit.
I may be schizophrenic, but at least I'll always have each other.
A man without a woman is like a fish without a bicycle.
If it jams, force it. If it breaks, it needed replacement anyway.
It is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.
How much deeper would the oceans be without sponges?
Really drunk is when you cling to the floor so you don't fall off.
My name is Borg, James Borg, licensed to assimilate.
He who lives by the sword is a regular cut-up!
D.A.M.N. - Naked Mothers Against Dyslexia
There IS intelligent life in the universe.  It ignores us.
Don't bother pressing that key, there is no ESC.
I have a mind like a steel... uh... thingy.